Ahmad dinks it around the corner to
Kuna. Kuna is driving towards the by
line and he gets there too. Matteas Kuna
goes the long way round. Challenge comes
in. Penalty given.
That last touch from Kuna just gives the
defender enough. After review the full
15 minutes committ holding offense
outside the area
dedicked into the box. Casemiro. What a
header from the Brazilian. That makes
four headed goals in the Premier League
for the Brazilian this season. A
thumping header from the edge of the
sixyd box. Manchester United won. Fulham
nil. That falls to Dieago Delo again.
Rolls the pass into Kobe Manu. Mayu to
Casemiro. Casemiro going to find Kuna.
Kuna's effort back of the net. Oh, it's
absolutely brilliant. Andy surfing
Brazilian is back again. That's an
amazing finish, by the way. Unbelievable
finish. I don't think I gave it the
credit that it deserved.
Tim hits the wall and the ball is not
cleared by Manchester United and it's
smashed home. Shouts of offside. Tim's
free kick goes into the wall. That might
be the problem.
Offside position.
Yeah, maybe offside.
He blows his whistle square in the air
and a goal is ruled out for offside.
Damadu bends across. Chesco. Oh, he's in
the post and the second chance ends up
on the roof of the net.
And that's a lovely ball in behind for
Ral Gimenez. Harry Mcguire getting back.
The referee's given a penalty. Gimenez
steps up. Stutter step. Stops his run
up. Starts his run up. Stops his run up
and puts it into the top corner. Well,
Manchester United have been pegged back
by Fulham.
Kevin edge of the penalty area. Oh, it's
an absolutely glorious finish from
Kevin. Bruno Fernandez and he's in
behind. Gets an early ball into the box.
Chesco inside the area. Chesco at the
strength end. Manchester United never
die. Top corner. 3-2. Benesco.
Manchester United take three points away
from the game against Fulham. And it's
characterful from Carrick's side.
Stoppage time. Stretford and Cheshko.
And at full time, Manchester United
three full two.